update branch page to include instructions for creating branch from branch/timestamp and reseting (#19419)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/branch-manage.md

1. In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project, and then click the name of your target TiDB Cloud Serverless cluster to go to its overview page.
2. Click **Branches** in the left navigation pane.

> 3. Click **Create Branch** in the upper-right corner or click **...** in the **Action** column in the row of your target parent branch.

Author: I'm not sure how to express this clearly and concisely here.

> 3. Click on **Create Branch** in the top right corner or click on **Create Branch** in the **...** in the **Action** column in the row of your target parent branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the upper-right corner of the **Branches** page, click **Create Branch**. A dialog is displayed.

    Alternatively, to create a branch from an existing parent branch, locate the row of your target parent branch, and then click **...** > **Create Branch** in the **Action** column.

```

> 4. Enter the branch **Name**.
> 5. Select the **Parent branch**; `main` represents the current cluster.
> 6. Select the **Include data up to**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Create Branch** dialog, configure the following options:

    - **Name**: enter a name for the branch.
    - **Parent branch**: select the original cluster. `main` represents the current cluster.
    - **Include data up to**: choose one of the following:
        - **Current point in time**: create a branch from the current state.
        - **Specific date and time**: create a branch from a specified time.

5. Click **Create**.
```

Author: > **Parent branch**: select the original cluster. `main` represents the current cluster.
select the original cluster or a existed branch.

Reviewer: Updated

> - **Parent branch**: select the original cluster or an existing branch. `main` represents the current cluster.

4. Click **Delete** in the drop-down list.
5. Confirm the deletion.

## Reset a branch

> To reset a branch, perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: we need explain what is `reset`

> Reset will sync your branch with the latest data from its parent. This operation is irreversible.

Reviewer 2: sync -> synchronize, and add a new line next.

> Reset will synchronize your branch with the latest data from its parent. This operation is irreversible. To reset a branch, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Resetting a branch synchronizes it with the latest data from its parent branch.

> **Note:**
> 
> This operation is irreversible. Before resetting a branch, make sure that you have backed up any important data.

To reset a branch, perform the following steps:
```

Author: > Resetting a branch synchronizes it with the latest data from its parent branch.
Resetting a branch synchronizes it with the latest data from its parent.
The parent can be a branch or a cluster, I think branch should be deleted

Reviewer: Updated

> Resetting a branch synchronizes it with the latest data from its parent.
